Add drawing bitmap images to Canvas (#4047)
beeware/toga: changes/995.feature.md

> Add a draw_image() method to Canvas contexts using the API of the HTML Canvas draw_image() method.

Reviewer: This should be phrased in the form of a release note entry:

```suggestion
Canvas contexts now support drawing bitmap images with a ``draw_image()`` method, similar to the equivalent HTML Canvas API.
```

Feel free to tweak specific text as appropriate.
